I gave thanks for stopping by hope
you're all having a great day I thought
I would I went on a little nail polish
shopping spree I am absolutely loving
the vineeth nail polishes yes i still
love deborah lippmann and i still love
Zoya but i am really liking the Vinick
nail polishes for long stay they beat
out anybody anybody okay so i just
thought i would share a couple colors
that i just picked up and because some
of them are fall colors some up well i
didn't really I just got more colors
because I like them so i thought i would
share them with you and let you be on
your way okay alright so the first one
is I the white one that I had on in my
original test video I bought another
bottle of this because I am I actually
bought the new bottles of it because I'm
afraid they'll discontinue it and i love
it so much and that is the taupe teasing
fun in this one and again that's what
that one looks like on the nails i love
this just love a very clean crisp look i
also bought this i'm not a glitter nail
polish person but this one is called
clear is the new sexy and if you look at
it closely you can see little tiny
crystals roaming around in there but
when you put them on you'll probably not
even really be able to see them in here
they are just so they're they're like
really they're like the finest sand
grade that you can possibly get in it
and if you don't feel it on the nail and
I haven't tried it to see how it comes
off but we'll give it a go and we'll let
you know the next one I got is a
beautiful beautiful color it's called be
seen be gorgeous and I think that's what
we all should be missing and the
gorgeous that's what that one looks like
and let me show it to you hear of a be
seen be gorgeous is a beautiful mavi
rose just really gorgeous gorgeous
gorgeous the next one I got which I may
be disappointed when I actually put it
on but I went ahead and got
anyway it's called Shh quiet and that is
what that one looks like it's a nude now
the 925 knew that I got before actually
when I put it on many else it looks nice
but it does carry an orange undertone to
it this one definitely carries a gray
yellow okay so there you go that's quite
ok that's what mostly you're probably
saying about praising miss Tammy go
ahead you talk too much ok the next one
is a biker couture for all my biker
friends out there ok that is that one
and this one is a really it's a great
biker couture it is a true gray which
shows up a little bit purple here but it
or navy almost but it is a gray blue
definitely a great blue with maybe a
little bit of a purple undertone and the
next one I actually think this is a very
nice one it's called step in my blade
and that is what that one looks like
which is showing pulling up more teal in
the video which it actually is but i'll
show it to you on the nail and that's
what that one looks like ok the next one
is just simply divine for the holidays
and just a beautiful beautiful beautiful
red and it's called strappy happy and
it's just gorgeous beautiful holiday
color I can't wait to wear it beautiful
beautiful reminds me of Deborah Lippmann
some since I fell for you just gorgeous
beautiful beautiful beautiful very much
like a lot of civil soja ones also and
the last 1i got because in the fall I
truly do love the deepest burgundy that
almost looks black and this one is
called d'orsay what blush say what ok
that's what that one looks like it
almost looks like it's a dirty brown in
their dark dirty brown but it is a
burgundy almost looks black but I do
love those because when you turn your
nail you see the burgundy but yet you
think it's black so you're looking very
stylish ok that's my beneath polish on
video and I like to come on and show you
them because when you go on the website
to order them they look totally
different they don't look like
so I I hope that you get a true true to
form color when I show them to you on
video and that's why I like to show you
when I get new ones I'm telling you
peeps best staying nail polish on the
market by far by far I've been wearing
my 56 days in a row with absolutely no
chipping which is not good because I
like to change my polish two or three
days but because it always looks so
fresh and clean I'm i get a little lazy
that's good for the summer though I
think on the toes it'll really work
because who really changes their toe
nail polish every two to three days I
don't I usually do that once every week
week and a half but the staying power of
good because I bought sparitual from
Sephora and had it on my toes and I
think after three days chipped so I
think the Vinick is a real good choice
for toes too especially for the summer
with all that sandal wearing weather
okay peace thanks for some bye don't
forget leave your comments below I love
to hear how you guys are enjoying the
Vinick nail polishes because I know a
lot of you went and ordered them because
the company actually contacted me and
said wow thank you so much they they did
I didn't tell them that I did it and
they just researched and found out it
was from my video so I know a lot of you
did go and order it so let me know how
you're liking it and I'll see you soon
don't forget subscribe we're anti-aging
here have a great day love you guys be
soo